Docs: Add `Potential issues with Jest testing` React docs section (#17032)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/getting-started/integrations/react.md

For more information, please refer to the {@link getting-started/setup/ui-language Setting the UI language} guide.

> ### Potential issues with Jest testing

Reviewer: Usually, I oppose nesting sections, but in some parts of the docs, we have the "Known issues" section. Don't we want to unify this?
```suggestion
## Known issues
### Potential issues with Jest testing
```

Author: I renamed it to `Jest testing`, as it is subsection of known issues. wdyt?

> Jest is the default test runner used by many React apps. Unfortunately, Jest does not use a real browser. Instead, it runs tests in Node.js with the use of JSDOM. JSDOM is not a complete DOM implementation and while it is apparently sufficient for standard apps, it is not able to polyfill all the DOM APIs that CKEditor&nbsp;5 requires.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jest is the default test runner used by many React apps. Unfortunately, Jest does not use a real browser. Instead, it runs tests in Node.js that uses JSDOM. JSDOM is not a complete DOM implementation, and while it is sufficient for standard apps, it cannot polyfill all the DOM APIs that CKEditor&nbsp;5 requires.
```

			});

			return [range];
		};
	}

	Range.prototype.getClientRects = () => ({
		item: () => null,
		length: 0,
		[Symbol.iterator]: function* () {},
	});

	const SomeComponent = ({ value, onChange }) => {
		const editorRef = useRef();

		return (
			<div
				style={{
					border: '1px solid black',
					padding: 10,
				}}
			>
				<CKEditor
					editor={DecoupledEditor}
					config={{
						plugins: [Essentials, Paragraph],
					}}
					onReady={(editor) => {
						editorRef.current = editor;
					}}
					data={value}
					onChange={() => {
						onChange(editorRef.current?.getData());
					}}
				/>
			</div>
		);
	};
});

it('renders', async () => {
	render(<SomeComponent value="this is some content" />);

	await waitFor(() => expect(screen.getByText(/some content/)).toBeTruthy());
});

it('updates', async () => {
	const onChange = jest.fn();
	render(<SomeComponent value="this is some content" onChange={onChange} />);

	await waitFor(() => expect(screen.getByText(/some content/)).toBeTruthy());

	await userEvent.click(document.querySelector('[contenteditable="true"]'));

	userEvent.keyboard('more stuff');

	await waitFor(() => expect(onChange).toHaveBeenCalled());
});
```

> The mocks presented above only test two basic scenarios, and it is likely that more will need to be added, which may change with each version of the editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mocks presented above only test two basic scenarios, and more will likely need to be added, which may change with each version of the editor.
```
